test_result.md, before:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: "Test the FERDI application backend integration and authentication system. The frontend includes authentication system with company registration, employee signup, login/logout with JWT tokens, and role-based access. Key endpoints to test include company registration, user signup, login, protected routes, and error handling."

backend:
  - task: "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "No backend server found"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "CRITICAL: No FastAPI backend server implementation found. The Next.js API proxy at /app/api/[[...path]]/route.js forwards requests to ${NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL}/api/v1/ but no backend server is running at that location. All API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway errors."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: SAME CRITICAL ISSUE - No FastAPI backend server exists despite review request mentioning 'updated FERDI application backend integration'. Confirmed no Python FastAPI processes running, no backend files in project, all API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway. Main agent must implement complete FastAPI backend before any authentication testing is possible."

  - task: "Company Registration API (POST /api/companies/register)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects this endpoint to create company and manager, return company_code."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle request. Endpoint needs complete FastAPI implementation with MongoDB integration."

  - task: "User Signup API (POST /api/users/signup)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects this endpoint to validate company_code and create employee users."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle request. Endpoint needs complete FastAPI implementation with company code validation."

  - task: "Login API (POST /api/login/access-token)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects form data (username/password) and returns JWT access_token."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle OAuth2 form-data authentication. Next.js proxy correctly handles form-data conversion but no FastAPI server exists."

  - task: "Get Current User API (GET /api/users/me)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects user data with JWT authentication."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle JWT-authenticated requests. Needs FastAPI implementation with JWT token validation."

  - task: "Get Company Data API (GET /api/companies/me)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects company data for authenticated user."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle authenticated company data requests. Needs FastAPI implementation with user-company relationship logic."

  - task: "List Users API (GET /api/users/)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects admin-only endpoint for user management."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle role-based access control. Needs FastAPI implementation with admin permission checking."

  - task: "API Proxy Configuration"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "low"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "Next.js API proxy is correctly implemented and forwards requests to backend. Handles form data for login endpoint. Issue is that target backend server doesn't exist."

frontend:
  - task: "Authentication Token Cookie Fix"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/api.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Fixed token cookie name mismatch. Changed api.js interceptors to use 'ferdi_token' instead of 'token' to match the cookie name used in auth-store.js. This resolves the issue where API requests were not getting authenticated properly because the token wasn't being retrieved from cookies."
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "✅ VERIFIED: Token cookie handling fix is working correctly. The api.js interceptor now properly retrieves 'ferdi_token' from cookies and adds it as Authorization Bearer header. Tested with mock token simulation - proxy correctly forwards Authorization headers to backend. Frontend authentication system ready for backend integration."

  - task: "User/Company Inactive Validation During Login"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/stores/auth-store.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Added validation during login and checkAuth to verify user and company are active. If inactive, shows French error message: 'Votre compte/entreprise est en cours de validation par les super administrateurs. Veuillez attendre la validation pour utiliser FERDI.' Users with inactive accounts are automatically logged out."

  - task: "User Profile GET /users/me Fix" 
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/profile/page.js, /app/lib/api-client.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Verified user profile page correctly calls GET /users/me via usersAPI.getProfile(). The profile functionality should now work properly with the token cookie fix applied."

  - task: "Login Flow GET /users/me Only"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/stores/auth-store.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Confirmed login flow in auth-store.js correctly calls only GET /users/me and GET /companies/me during authentication. No calls to GET /users are made during login process. The GET /users calls in user management pages are separate admin features as intended."

metadata:
  created_by: "testing_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 2
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus:
    - "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    - "Authentication Token Cookie Fix"
    - "User/Company Inactive Validation During Login"
    - "User Profile GET /users/me Fix"
    - "Login Flow GET /users/me Only"
  stuck_tasks:
    - "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    - "Company Registration API (POST /api/companies/register)"
    - "User Signup API (POST /api/users/signup)"
    - "Login API (POST /api/login/access-token)"
    - "Get Current User API (GET /api/users/me)"
    - "Get Company Data API (GET /api/companies/me)"
    - "List Users API (GET /api/users/)"
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "CRITICAL FINDING: No FastAPI backend server implementation exists. Only Next.js frontend with API proxy found. All backend API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway. The frontend authentication system is well-implemented and ready, but requires a complete FastAPI backend with MongoDB integration to function. Main agent needs to implement the entire backend API server with all authentication endpoints before any functionality can work."
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "RE-TESTED 2024: SAME ISSUE PERSISTS - No backend server implementation found despite review request mentioning 'updated FERDI application backend integration'. All API endpoints still return 502 Bad Gateway. The Next.js API proxy at /app/api/[[...path]]/route.js is correctly configured to forward to ${NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL}/api/v1/ but no FastAPI server exists at that location. Comprehensive backend_test.py confirms all 10 authentication tests fail with 502 errors. CRITICAL: Main agent must implement complete FastAPI backend with MongoDB integration including all authentication endpoints (login, company registration, user signup, role-based access) before any testing can succeed."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "CURRENT TASK: Implementing role-based access control (RBAC) system. Creating role-specific dashboard redirects, page-level access control, role-specific dashboard content, and URL protection middleware for all 6 roles: super_admin, admin, dispatcher, driver, internal_support, accountant. This addresses the issue where all users currently see the same interface regardless of role."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "RBAC IMPLEMENTATION STATUS: ✅ Successfully implemented comprehensive role-based access control system with: 1) Role-specific dashboard components for all 6 roles (super_admin, admin, dispatcher, driver, internal_support, accountant), 2) Page-level RoleGuard component for access protection, 3) Role-based dashboard routing and redirects, 4) Updated sidebar navigation with role filtering, 5) Role-specific permissions and path validation utilities. All components are working correctly with mock data. The issue of all users seeing the same interface has been resolved."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "FRONTEND AUTHENTICATION FIXES: ✅ Fixed critical authentication issues: 1) Token cookie name mismatch - Changed api.js to use 'ferdi_token' instead of 'token' to match auth-store.js, 2) Added validation for inactive users/companies during login with proper French error messages directing users to wait for super admin validation, 3) Enhanced checkAuth function to automatically logout inactive users/companies, 4) Confirmed login flow correctly calls only GET /users/me (not GET /users), 5) User profile page already correctly calls GET /users/me via usersAPI.getProfile(). Authentication flow now properly validates user and company status before allowing access to FERDI."

Commit message:

auto-commit for 29406fda-a172-4787-9793-0ad86d313f38

test_result.md, after:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: "Test the FERDI application backend integration and authentication system. The frontend includes authentication system with company registration, employee signup, login/logout with JWT tokens, and role-based access. Key endpoints to test include company registration, user signup, login, protected routes, and error handling."

backend:
  - task: "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "No backend server found"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "CRITICAL: No FastAPI backend server implementation found. The Next.js API proxy at /app/api/[[...path]]/route.js forwards requests to ${NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL}/api/v1/ but no backend server is running at that location. All API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway errors."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: SAME CRITICAL ISSUE - No FastAPI backend server exists despite review request mentioning 'updated FERDI application backend integration'. Confirmed no Python FastAPI processes running, no backend files in project, all API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway. Main agent must implement complete FastAPI backend before any authentication testing is possible."

  - task: "Company Registration API (POST /api/companies/register)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects this endpoint to create company and manager, return company_code."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle request. Endpoint needs complete FastAPI implementation with MongoDB integration."

  - task: "User Signup API (POST /api/users/signup)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects this endpoint to validate company_code and create employee users."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle request. Endpoint needs complete FastAPI implementation with company code validation."

  - task: "Login API (POST /api/login/access-token)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects form data (username/password) and returns JWT access_token."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle OAuth2 form-data authentication. Next.js proxy correctly handles form-data conversion but no FastAPI server exists."

  - task: "Get Current User API (GET /api/users/me)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects user data with JWT authentication."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle JWT-authenticated requests. Needs FastAPI implementation with JWT token validation."

  - task: "Get Company Data API (GET /api/companies/me)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects company data for authenticated user."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle authenticated company data requests. Needs FastAPI implementation with user-company relationship logic."

  - task: "List Users API (GET /api/users/)"
    implemented: false
    working: false
    file: "Missing backend implementation"
    stuck_count: 1
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "API endpoint not implemented. Returns 502 Bad Gateway. Frontend expects admin-only endpoint for user management."
        - working: false
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "RE-TESTED 2024: Still returns 502 Bad Gateway - no backend server to handle role-based access control. Needs FastAPI implementation with admin permission checking."

  - task: "API Proxy Configuration"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/api/[[...path]]/route.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "low"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "Next.js API proxy is correctly implemented and forwards requests to backend. Handles form data for login endpoint. Issue is that target backend server doesn't exist."

frontend:
  - task: "Authentication Token Cookie Fix"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/api.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Fixed token cookie name mismatch. Changed api.js interceptors to use 'ferdi_token' instead of 'token' to match the cookie name used in auth-store.js. This resolves the issue where API requests were not getting authenticated properly because the token wasn't being retrieved from cookies."
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "✅ VERIFIED: Token cookie handling fix is working correctly. The api.js interceptor now properly retrieves 'ferdi_token' from cookies and adds it as Authorization Bearer header. Tested with mock token simulation - proxy correctly forwards Authorization headers to backend. Frontend authentication system ready for backend integration."

  - task: "User/Company Inactive Validation During Login"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/stores/auth-store.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Added validation during login and checkAuth to verify user and company are active. If inactive, shows French error message: 'Votre compte/entreprise est en cours de validation par les super administrateurs. Veuillez attendre la validation pour utiliser FERDI.' Users with inactive accounts are automatically logged out."
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "✅ VERIFIED: Inactive user/company validation logic is properly implemented in auth-store.js. Both login() and checkAuth() methods include validation for user.is_active and company.is_active. French error message correctly implemented. Auto-logout functionality for inactive users/companies is working. Ready for backend integration."

  - task: "User Profile GET /users/me Fix" 
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/app/profile/page.js, /app/lib/api-client.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Verified user profile page correctly calls GET /users/me via usersAPI.getProfile(). The profile functionality should now work properly with the token cookie fix applied."

  - task: "Login Flow GET /users/me Only"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/lib/stores/auth-store.js"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: true
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Confirmed login flow in auth-store.js correctly calls only GET /users/me and GET /companies/me during authentication. No calls to GET /users are made during login process. The GET /users calls in user management pages are separate admin features as intended."

metadata:
  created_by: "testing_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 2
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus:
    - "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    - "Authentication Token Cookie Fix"
    - "User/Company Inactive Validation During Login"
    - "User Profile GET /users/me Fix"
    - "Login Flow GET /users/me Only"
  stuck_tasks:
    - "FastAPI Backend Server Implementation"
    - "Company Registration API (POST /api/companies/register)"
    - "User Signup API (POST /api/users/signup)"
    - "Login API (POST /api/login/access-token)"
    - "Get Current User API (GET /api/users/me)"
    - "Get Company Data API (GET /api/companies/me)"
    - "List Users API (GET /api/users/)"
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "CRITICAL FINDING: No FastAPI backend server implementation exists. Only Next.js frontend with API proxy found. All backend API endpoints return 502 Bad Gateway. The frontend authentication system is well-implemented and ready, but requires a complete FastAPI backend with MongoDB integration to function. Main agent needs to implement the entire backend API server with all authentication endpoints before any functionality can work."
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "RE-TESTED 2024: SAME ISSUE PERSISTS - No backend server implementation found despite review request mentioning 'updated FERDI application backend integration'. All API endpoints still return 502 Bad Gateway. The Next.js API proxy at /app/api/[[...path]]/route.js is correctly configured to forward to ${NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL}/api/v1/ but no FastAPI server exists at that location. Comprehensive backend_test.py confirms all 10 authentication tests fail with 502 errors. CRITICAL: Main agent must implement complete FastAPI backend with MongoDB integration including all authentication endpoints (login, company registration, user signup, role-based access) before any testing can succeed."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "CURRENT TASK: Implementing role-based access control (RBAC) system. Creating role-specific dashboard redirects, page-level access control, role-specific dashboard content, and URL protection middleware for all 6 roles: super_admin, admin, dispatcher, driver, internal_support, accountant. This addresses the issue where all users currently see the same interface regardless of role."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "RBAC IMPLEMENTATION STATUS: ✅ Successfully implemented comprehensive role-based access control system with: 1) Role-specific dashboard components for all 6 roles (super_admin, admin, dispatcher, driver, internal_support, accountant), 2) Page-level RoleGuard component for access protection, 3) Role-based dashboard routing and redirects, 4) Updated sidebar navigation with role filtering, 5) Role-specific permissions and path validation utilities. All components are working correctly with mock data. The issue of all users seeing the same interface has been resolved."
    - agent: "main"
      message: "FRONTEND AUTHENTICATION FIXES: ✅ Fixed critical authentication issues: 1) Token cookie name mismatch - Changed api.js to use 'ferdi_token' instead of 'token' to match auth-store.js, 2) Added validation for inactive users/companies during login with proper French error messages directing users to wait for super admin validation, 3) Enhanced checkAuth function to automatically logout inactive users/companies, 4) Confirmed login flow correctly calls only GET /users/me (not GET /users), 5) User profile page already correctly calls GET /users/me via usersAPI.getProfile(). Authentication flow now properly validates user and company status before allowing access to FERDI."
